README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">📱 HIOS 15.0.3 RU Stable – Moto G54 Port</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Firmware Required:</b> V1TDS35H.83-20-5-6<br>
  <b>Version:</b> 15.0.3 RU Stable<br>
</p>

---

## ✨ **Features & Improvements**

<details>
<summary><b>Click to expand</b></summary>

### ✔ What’s Working
- Face Unlock (default)
- NFC (default)
- Bluetooth (default)
- SIM cards (default)

### 🚀 Enhancements
- **Removed AOD** (not needed for IPS panels)
- **Enabled Side-Mounted Fingerprint** – credit: @goupstream
- **Added Transsion Flagship (HIOS)** – credit: @rennsproject
- **Enabled System-Wide Blur** – credit: @rennsproject
- **Flagship Animations Enabled** – credit: @rennsproject
- **Dolby Enabled** – credit: rama bondan & @WidyyQ
- **Preferred Network 4G/5G Enabled** – credit: me
- **Enforcing Fixed + Missing Denials Added** – credit: @nonemfck
- **Status Bar DPI Alignment Fixed** – credit: ChatGPT (overlay)
- **Fast Charging Animation Fixed** – credit: me
- **Lockscreen Wallpaper Fixed** – credit: me
- **Added 400+ SELinux Denials** – credit: @nonemfck
- **Included OrangeFox (OFOX)** – credit: @ussr_1674 (Soviet)
- **KernelSU Next Included by Default**
  - *APK still required from GitHub*

</details>

---

## 🐞 **Known Bugs**
- DT2W / R2W / ST2W *(Moto side)*
- Fingerprint Enrollment Animation *(HIOS side)*

---

## 📥 **Installation Guide**

<details>
<summary><b>Stock Firmware Flashing (Required Firmware)</b></summary>

### 1️⃣ Flash Required Firmware (V1TDS35H.83-20-5-6)
1. Download firmware from **Lolinet**
2. Download **UserDC flashing script** from Moto G54 Ports
3. Extract both in the **same folder**
4. Boot phone into **bootloader**
5. Run the **.bat** script
6. Select **Option 6**
7. Confirm and flash
8. After completion, **manually boot to system**

You are now on the required stock build.
</details>

---

<details>
<summary><b>Port Flashing</b></summary>

### 2️⃣ Flashing the Port
1. Boot into **bootloader**
2. Extract port zip
3. Run `flash.bat`
4. Wait until device reboots automatically  
</details>

---

## 📡 **Credits**
Huge thanks to all contributors:

- @goupstream  
- @rennsproject  
- rama bondan  
- @WidyyQ  
- @nonemfck  
- @ussr_1674 (Soviet)  
- ChatGPT (overlay guidance)  

❤️ *Community effort makes this project possible.*

---

## 💬 **Support**
For issues, discussions, or reports:  
**Join the Moto G54 Ports Telegram group**

---

---

## 📸 Screenshots

### 🛠️ Setup & 🪟 QS panel
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/setup.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/qs.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 🏠 Homescreen & Customization
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/home.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/customization.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 🔒 Lockscreen & Animation
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/lockscreen.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/animation.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 🎧 Dolby & Security
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/dolby.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/security.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 📶 Network & About Device
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/network.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/about.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### ⚙️ Settings
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/settings.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>


---

## 📥 Download

### 🔗 **ROM Download (HIOS 15.0.3 RU Stable)**
➡️ **[Click here to download](https://t.me/lynx_prjkt/23)**

---

Commit message:

Update README with changes to features and support
Removed HBM mode and sar support to enhance wifi performance. Updated KernelSU Next inclusion status.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">📱 HIOS 15.0.3 RU Stable – Moto G54 Port</h1>

<p align="center">
  <b>Firmware Required:</b> V1TDS35H.83-20-5-6<br>
  <b>Version:</b> 15.0.3 RU Stable<br>
</p>

---

## ✨ **Features & Improvements**

<details>
<summary><b>Click to expand</b></summary>

### ✔ What’s Working
- Face Unlock (default)
- NFC (default)
- Bluetooth (default)
- SIM cards (default)

### 🚀 Enhancements
- **Removed AOD** (not needed for IPS panels)
- **Enabled Side-Mounted Fingerprint** – credit: @goupstream
- **Added Transsion Flagship (HIOS)** – credit: @rennsproject
- **Enabled System-Wide Blur** – credit: @rennsproject
- **Flagship Animations Enabled** – credit: @rennsproject
- **Dolby Enabled** – credit: rama bondan & @WidyyQ
- **Preferred Network 4G/5G Enabled** – credit: me
- **Enforcing Fixed + Missing Denials Added** – credit: @nonemfck
- **Status Bar DPI Alignment Fixed** – credit: ChatGPT (overlay)
- **Fast Charging Animation Fixed** – credit: me
- **Lockscreen Wallpaper Fixed** – credit: me
- **Added 400+ SELinux Denials** – credit: @nonemfck
- **Included OrangeFox (OFOX)** – credit: @ussr_1674 (Soviet)
- **Removed HBM mode** (not needed for IPS panels)
- **removed sar support to improve wifi performance** – credit: @devhioliveira10
- **KernelSU Next patched boot Included by Default**
  - *APK still required from GitHub*

</details>

---

## 🐞 **Known Bugs**
- DT2W / R2W / ST2W *(Moto side)*
- Fingerprint Enrollment Animation *(HIOS side)*

---

## 📥 **Installation Guide**

<details>
<summary><b>Stock Firmware Flashing (Required Firmware)</b></summary>

### 1️⃣ Flash Required Firmware (V1TDS35H.83-20-5-6)
1. Download firmware from **Lolinet**
2. Download **UserDC flashing script** from Moto G54 Ports
3. Extract both in the **same folder**
4. Boot phone into **bootloader**
5. Run the **.bat** script
6. Select **Option 6**
7. Confirm and flash
8. After completion, **manually boot to system**

You are now on the required stock build.
</details>

---

<details>
<summary><b>Port Flashing</b></summary>

### 2️⃣ Flashing the Port
1. Boot into **bootloader**
2. Extract port zip
3. Run `flash.bat`
4. Wait until device reboots automatically  
</details>

---

## 📡 **Credits**
Huge thanks to all contributors:

- @goupstream  
- @rennsproject  
- rama bondan  
- @WidyyQ  
- @nonemfck  
- @ussr_1674 (Soviet)  
- ChatGPT (overlay guidance)  

❤️ *Community effort makes this project possible.*

---

## 💬 **Support**
For issues, discussions, or reports:  
**Join the Moto G54 Ports Telegram group**

---

---

## 📸 Screenshots

### 🛠️ Setup & 🪟 QS panel
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/setup.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/qs.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 🏠 Homescreen & Customization
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/home.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/customization.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 🔒 Lockscreen & Animation
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/lockscreen.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/animation.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 🎧 Dolby & Security
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/dolby.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/security.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### 📶 Network & About Device
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/network.jpg" width="45%" />
  <img src="screenshots/about.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>

### ⚙️ Settings
<p align="center">
  <img src="screenshots/settings.jpg" width="45%" />
</p>


---

## 📥 Download

### 🔗 **ROM Download (HIOS 15.0.3 RU Stable)**
➡️ **[Click here to download](https://t.me/lynx_prjkt/23)**

---
